steps to document in versioning

1. create git repo and clone it locally
2. create proj.py and add some code in it and save a csv file 
3. git add,commit and push . 
4. pip install dvc, then initiate (dvc init)
5. then do dvc init and hit enter. you will see the .dvc folder and .dvcignore
6. Now locally create a folder called s3 and we will remote origin it. (mkdir s3)
7. Now you have to tell DVC where is your remote origin , just how we tell it to git
dvc remote add -d myremote s3 (is using amazon s3 put the url)
8. Now tell dvc to add data, and inside this data (csv,excel file), now you are responsible
for its  versionining (data changes, tracking data changes etc).
dvc add data/ (if you want to track versioning of a specific file : dvc add data/filename.csv)
dvc add data/  (this means you want dvc to version all the files inside data)

when you perform dvc add data/
you get error :  output 'data' is already tracked by SCM (e.g. Git).

Now we need to remove version tracking from git using following commands: 
git rm -r --cached 'data' (this will remove data tracking from git)
git commit -m "stop tracking data"

After this, git rm -r --cached 'data' (this will remove data tracking from git)
you get output : rm 'data/sample_data.csv'
now we will commit this : git commit -m "stop tracking data"
Now git is not tracking data folder anymore

After this, you can run dvc add data/ and it will work fine (for tracking) 
Now you can see .dvc files in data folder

Check the output now : 




Now in data.dvc you will find md5: d0d7d604bde05aa8105c9f99872a2f94.dir
this is the id dvc makes and you track it with git
this id helps dvc to fetch corresponding Data
it changes with every data changes (data changes, tracking data changes etc)


In the left pane, you can go to cache\files\md5 path
Under that you can find d0 and f0 
d0 is the md5 id
f0 is the data

In every version, you will see changes made to d0 and f0

Now, execute  git add .gitignore data.dvc

Now, do git status to check what is modified

Also execute, dvc status ,
it says up to date, because nothing has been updated yet 